You lose, you win.
And the enemy in one move
The True Biography of My Senior Brother by Wu Shangsheng
Blue is better than blue
We are saved in the martial arts world
Crow goes
I didn't expect it.
So powerful
We are a great summer
The powerful five are countless
I'm just the most common one
You both win.
Even I can't win
Why don't you pack up and get out of our country as soon as possible?
That's right.
Don't forget our bet
From now on, you are not allowed to step into the martial arts hall for half a step
roll
Are you all right?
Countless didn't expect you to treat him like this
I offended before
Unexpectedly, in my lifetime
You can also see the descendants of Senior Brother Yuan Jiang
You can see the wooden house finch.
If you don't go, you can keep the 500 with peace of mind.
Jealous of giving you a raise
Not as good as uncle
I angered Dongying this time.
I'm afraid not kind
Are you ready to leave?